Improve documentation of Presto Resource Groups (#21057)
prestodb/presto: presto-docs/src/main/sphinx/admin/resource-groups.rst

   .. code-block:: text

       resource-groups.config-file=etc/resource-groups.json

5. Restart the Presto server. The new resource groups take effect immediately after the restart.

Database Resource Group Manager
-------------------------------

The database resource group manager in PrestoDB is a way to manage resources using a relational database.

To set up a database-based resource group manager:

1. Create the file ``etc/resource-groups.properties``.

2. Set the ``resource-groups.configuration-manager`` property to ``db``.

3. Set up a relational database: The database should be accessible by Presto.
   It will be used to store the configurations of the resource groups.

4. Create tables for resource groups and selection rules: You need to create tables in the
   database that will store the definitions of the resource groups and the rules for selecting
   the appropriate resource group for a given query.

5. To specify the database in the Presto configuration, add a line in ``etc/resource-groups.properties`` that
   specifies the JDBC URL of the database: ``resource-groups.config-db-url = <jdbc_url>``, where ``<jdbc_url>`` is the
   JDBC URL of the database.

>    Note : The supported databases are MySQL, PostgreSQL, and Oracle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Note : Currently only MySQL is supported.
```

     - ``none``
   * - ``resource-groups.config-db-user``
     - Database user to connect with.
     - ``none``
   * - ``resource-groups.config-db-password``
     - Password for database user to connect with.
     - ``none``
   * - ``resource-groups.max-refresh-interval``
     - The maximum time period for which the cluster will continue to accept
       queries after refresh failures, causing configuration to become stale.
     - ``1h``
   * - ``resource-groups.refresh-interval``
     -  How often the cluster reloads from the database
     - ``1s``
   * - ``resource-groups.exact-match-selector-enabled``
     - Setting this flag enables usage of an additional
       ``exact_match_source_selectors`` table to configure resource group
       selection rules defined exact name based matches for source, environment
       and query type. By default, the rules are only loaded from the
       ``selectors`` table, with a regex-based filter for ``source``, among
       other filters.
     - ``false``

Resource Group Properties
-------------------------

Resource Groups are defined using a set of properties that determine how resources are allocated and used.

> Here are the key properties that can be set for a Resource Group

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Here are the key properties that can be set for a Resource Group:
```

  - ``weighted_fair``: sub-groups are selected based on their ``schedulingWeight`` and the number of
    queries they are already running concurrently. The expected share of running queries for a
    sub-group is computed based on the weights for all currently eligible sub-groups. The sub-group
    with the least concurrency relative to its share is selected to start the next query.
  - ``weighted``: queued queries are selected stochastically in proportion to their priority,
    specified via the ``query_priority`` {doc} ``session property </sql/set-session>``. Sub groups are selected
    to start new queries in proportion to their ``schedulingWeight``.
  - ``query_priority``: all sub-groups must also be configured with ``query_priority``.
    Queued queries are selected strictly according to their priority.

* ``schedulingWeight`` (optional): The weight for the resource group when the parent group uses the ``weighted``
  scheduling policy. A higher weight means that the group gets a larger share of the parent group's
  resources.

* ``jmxExport`` (optional):  If set to ``true``, the statistics of the resource group will be exported via JMX.
  Defaults to ``false``.

> * ``subGroups`` (optional): list of sub-groups.A list of sub-groups within the resource group.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* ``subGroups`` (optional): list of sub-groups. A list of sub-groups within the resource group.
```

  Each sub-group can have its own set of properties.

.. _scheduleweight-example:

Scheduling Weight Example
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Schedule weighting is a method of assigning a priority to a resource. Sub-groups
with a higher scheduling weight are given higher priority. For example, to
ensure timely execution of scheduled pipeline queries, weight them higher than
adhoc queries.

Here's an example:

> Let's say we have a root resource group ``global`` with two subgroups: ``engineering`` and ``marketing``.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you have a root resource group ``global`` with two subgroups: ``engineering`` and ``marketing``.
```
"we" should not be used in technical documentation. See GitLab's Recommended Word List entries for [we](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/development/documentation/styleguide/word_list.html#we), and [recommend, we recommend](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/development/documentation/styleguide/word_list.html#recommend-we-recommend), and [you, your, yours](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/development/documentation/styleguide/word_list.html#you-your-yours) for more information.
